# CS340
Portfolio Prep SNHU CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Writing the CRUD module in this way ensured I was able to perform functionality repeatedly. Building reusable components such as the create, read, update and delete functions ensures that the code can be used in multiple projects and easily adapted. The advantages of working in this way include having a good foundation to expand upon for added features in the future. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested.
I approach problems as a computer scientist by first examining what the problem is. I want to know what problem is needing to be solved and how the solution can improve the product or the user experience or both. 
How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
My approach did not differ from other assignments or courses. I examine most projects or tasks in the same way. First I want to examine what is being asked or what problem is being presented to solve. Then I think about the ways to provide a solution or improve the experience as they wish. The strategies or techniques would vary depending on what a client is requesting. Being able to use adapatable components and tools such as Dash ensures that the database is being created and utilized efficiently for the client's future needs.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists solve problems and innovate. It matters because there are a large number of companies and workers who think they might be performing a task well or effifiently when the truth is they are not. The work done on this type of project such as Grazioso Salvare allowed searches to be done and information to be displayed in a way that is meaningful and useful to perform real life operations, such as human rescue or disaster rescue. Without the work of the dashboard, such a query might involve long hours of tedious manual searching and recording. The work done here allowed the data to be quickly examined and sorted for intended purposes. This allows workers to efficiently perform and let the data work for them instead of working for the data. 

